My name's Takeo Goda.
I'm in high school.
I got a girlfriend during
spring.
And now it's fall,
and I've got a protégé!
M'kay, Saijo, what exactly
am I a master of?
You are like a
master of the heart.
Okay then...
♪Opening song♪
[TAKEO]
Suna, what do masters do?
Huh? What do you mean?
Yesterday, Saijo said that she
liked me as a person. A mentor.
And that she wanted me to be
her master and teach her stuff.
Likes you as
a person, huh? 'Kay.
So... anything out there
you'd consider your "master"?
Hm... Let's see...
One time, when I was a kid,
I got lost out in the woods.
So I just kept moving. On and
on in the same direction.
I got lucky. And wound
up finding my way back.
You only made it home
because the mountain let you!
[YURIKO]
Never forget, Take: Man is no
match when it comes to nature.
[YOUNG AND OLD TAKEO]
The mountain...
I could feel it. I could
feel how powerful it was.
Nature is my master!
Guess that makes sense.
[NANAKO]
Likes him as a person?
Mm-hmm!
Um, maybe I
could see that.
I mean, well, yeah, all of
US like him as a person too.
[RINKO]
Well, good.
So then you don't have
anything to worry about.
Besides, he doesn't even think
girls like him anyway, right?
Mm-hmm.
But I managed to
fall in love with him
and I'm a girl, so...
Oh my God, girl, you
are just hopeless!
You two are still trying to
get into Hakuto University
together, right?
Uh-huh...
[TAKEO]
Suna! Ms. Yamato's asking
if we want to go to Hakuto
University's School Festival.
You free Saturday or Sunday?
Yeah, I can do that.
Hakuto? Is that where you
want to go to college, Master?
Uh-huh. What about you?
Huh? Uh... Mm-hmm!
Do you maybe wanna
come with us?
Uh, yeah? But isn't it a date?
I'd just be in the way.
Hold on. I'll ask
Ms. Yamato.
Uh!
(Text jingle)
She's cool with it.
That was quick!
Are you sure it's okay?
Takeo!
Goda!
Uh...
Hey!
Hello, Saijo,
how are you?
Oh, hi! I'm sorry.
I hope I'm not getting
in the way here.
[RINKO]
Not at all!
Hmm...
(Festival chatter)
[RINKO]
Wow! This festival is huge!
There's a stamp
collection thingy!
We should totally try it out!
Yeah!
[HOSTESS]
This stew is made from
a special secret recipe!
Special?
Secret?!
(Blowing)
(Still blowing)
Oh, Ms. Yamato...
It's gotta be
cooled off by now.
Man, I love her!
Ah! I'm sensitive
to hot stuff!
Oh, is everyone done?
Sorry, I'll hurry
up and eat mine.
I think it's
cool enough now.
You can take your time.
Cool it off as
much as you want.
[MARIYA]
So, there's two stamps left.
But they're really far away.
[RINKO]
This campus is massive!
Why don't you guys stay here?
I'll get the stamps.
Huh? Are you sure?
Yeah!
I'll go with you.
Otherwise you'll get lost.
[TAKEO]
Yeah. Probably.
(Rinko continues blowing)
(Awkward sigh)
So, Saijo! What is it
you like about Takeo?
HUH?! Uhh...
I'm sorry. It's just that
back at the chicken coop,
I heard you tell Takeo
that you liked him as
a person and a mentor,
or something
like that, right?
(Awkward laugh)
Uh-huh...
So, I was wondering what it
is you came to like about him.
He took it upon himself to help
me practice for the relay...
Mm-hmm...
But during the actual
race, I fell,
and I totally froze up.
And when I looked up,
there he was waiting for me.
Everyone else had already passed
him by, but he was right there
ready to go.
And when I passed
him the baton,
he shot out like a rocket
and caught up to everybody!
He started out in last place,
but he ended up finishing first!
Oh! Wow!
It was incredible!
He left them all in the dust!
Oh! That is just
absolutely amazing!
[MARIYA]
But you know...
At that point, it didn't even
matter if he'd won or not.
It was just so incredible to
see how he never gave up,
no matter where
he was in the race.
Yeah! You are so right!
Oh! Sorry.
I didn't mean to get
all in your face.
Which one of you
asked the other out?
Oh, I asked him.
Oh, yeah?
Y'see. Earlier
this year,
there was this groper
guy on the train.
Oh my gosh!
Yeah, and Takeo
happened to be
on the same train and,
well, he helped me out.
Oh, yeah... That
sounds like him.
The guy was gross, saying
that I was asking for it
and stuff like that.
Are you kidding?!
What a piece of crap!
Grrr! Huh?
And Takeo, he got really
upset. Really mad.
and he started
yelling at the guy.
(Content sigh)
He's cool, huh?
Mm-hmm!
[RINKO]
He ended up punching
the guy, too.
[MARIYA]
What? Is that why he was
suspended from school?
That's crazy!
[TAKEO]
Oh, looks like
they're getting along.
Uh-huh! Oh!
Hey, Takeo!
Welcome back.
Saijo and I have
been just chatting
it up over here!
Oh yeah? Well that's good.
I got all the stamps.
Thanks a lot! Oh, yeah!
I made a few Napoleon
mille-feuilles for
everyone to snack on.
What are you serious?
You made them yourself?
[RINKO]
Ta-da!
(Giggle)
Did I actually just say that?
(Rinko laughs)
[TAKEO]
Yes, you did!
I! LOVE! HER!
You're so cute,
Ms. Yamato!
Huh? Oh! Takeo, you have
some on your face!
Hm? Wait where?
Right here.
Over here?
No, here!
Got it!
[TAKEO]
Oh! you have
some on you, too.
[RINKO]
Huh? Here?
Right there.
Did I get it?
Yeah.
[RINKO]
Be careful. This
thing is dangerous.
[TAKEO]
It's a dangerous pastry.
(Takeo and Rinko laugh)
[RINKO]
What should we do next?
We've already seen so much.
[TAKEO] I know, right?
[MARIYA]
Um, I think I'm just gonna go
wander around town for a bit.
I'll see you guys later.
[TAKEO]
Oh. Okay.
[RINKO]
It's been really fun!
See ya, Saijo!
Bye!
(Saijo giggles)
[RINKO]
That stamp collection card was
a blast. What was the prize?
[TAKEO]
Hm? Oh, a hand towel.
Well, this is my
stop, you guys.
(Both gasp)
Wait, hang on!
That wasn't right!
Agh?!
AH! URH! URGH!
[RINKO]
Wow! There are a lot of
pine cones around here!
Ms. Yamato... and
the pine cones.
Y'know, I think I might have
read somewhere that pine trees
have both male and female trees.
Or wait... Maybe gingkoes?
(Laughing)
I can't remember!
I'm sorry, whenever
I'm with you,
I feel like I just ramble on
about anything and everything.
It's okay.
You're still so much
taller than I am, Takeo.
Ms. Yamato... and the rock.
Ms. Yamato... and the stars.
(Panting)
Bye-bye now!
I'll see you later, Takeo!
Hm.
[TAKEO]
It doesn't matter where we are
or what we're talking about...
It all reminds me
of how much I love her.
I wonder... where such
a feeling comes from...
[SUNA]
Hey...
What did you mean when you said
you like Takeo as a person?
Huh?
Well, you know,
I guess, I...
I mean you're his
friend, right, Suna?
So you know what a
good person he is.
Yeah, but I don't think
of him as a master.
The other day...
Even though the
track meet was over,
I didn't want to stop
talking with him.
[MARIYA]
Like you, right? You like
being around him, don't you?
[SUNA]
Well, yeah.
And you don't feel
like you want to
hold hands with him
or anything?
Uh, no.
So it's like I like him.
I just don't "like him"
like him, ya know?
I just like him...
as a person!
Okay. I guess I
can buy that...
But I think your feelings
for him are still a bit
different from mine.
(Sigh)
The girls are not
interested in me,
but Ms. Yamato still
worries about it.
I mean, there's nobody else
out there who could possibly
fall for me.
Um... Yeah, well,
so what if they're
different?!
But you can never
ever tell him, okay?
Or else I'll...
Or else what?
Ugh! If you do, I swear
I will make sure you
regret it, you hear me?!
[TEACHER]
And once you get
the chance to visit...
Not even middle school kids
make bulletin boards anymore.
What? Well we did
at my middle school.
Well, you're a dork.
[TAKEO]
You know what I think?
I think it needs a comic strip.
[SUNA]
If there's space left.
Ahh...
Oh! Hmm...
[STUDENT]
Anyone have an extra ruler?
Yeah.
Ahhhhh...
Thank you!
(Mariya grunts)
[KURIHARA]
We're kinda short
on pens and stuff.
Wanna go buy some today?
Oh, sorry, I have
a club meeting.
Oh, I'll go!
Uh-huh. Don't forget
your "master."
(Gasp)
Yeah, sure thing.
(Happy gasp)
Suna, you should
come with us.
(Deflated groan)
Alright.
There's a stationery store
in the shopping center,
isn't there?
[MARIYA]
Oh, but I guess bookstores
would sell stationery, too, huh?
Where should we go?
[TAKEO]
Either one's fine.
You sure seem like you're
in a good mood, Saijo.
Oh yeah?
I'm just being me!
(Phone jingles)
Oh, it's Ms. Yamato.
[RINKO]
Do you have any
plans for today?
If not, I'd really
like to see you.
Today?
What's up?
She wanna meet?
Yeah.
[TAKEO]
"Sorry, I'm doing something
for school with Saijo today."
Master! The ink disappears
when you put water on it!
It what?! It disappears?!
That's not something
we're gonna need.
[MARIYA]
Sorry about today.
You ended up with me instead
of going out on a date.
It's okay... I'll still get
to see her later on anyway.
Uhh...
Uh-huh... That's good then.
Hey, Takeo!
Ms. Yamato! Sorry to
keep you waiting!
It's okay.
You're here all by yourself?
I thought you were coming with
Saijo.
Or at least with
Suna, y'know? Hm?
You're soaking wet.
(Giggle)
I so love her.
[RINKO]
I had a lot of fun chatting
with Saijo the other day.
Glad to hear it!
Oh, and I was talking
with all of my friends.
And they said that they
like you as a person, too!
Oh yeah? Well I'm not
popular with girls,
so there's nothing
to worry about.
Takeo!
It's not like I worry
about that all the time!
Just sometimes...
Sometimes, huh...?
You have nothing
to worry about.
What can I say to make
her understand that?
[TAKEO]
It's from Ms. Yamato.
Huh?
She said she had a great
time with you the other day.
And she'd like to do
it again sometime.
Oh... 'kay.
Cool. I'll see ya then...
Uh...
Oh! Ah!
Yes, yes! I know
I'm being selfish!
He has absolutely no idea
about how I really feel.
And she's just too freakin'
nice to know any better.
I know. I'm taking
advantage of them.
But you don't have to
get all over me about it!
I just... I just can't
tell them the truth!
[SUNA]
I didn't say anything.
You're the one
getting hurt here.
(Gasp)
Think about it.
As long as you don't
say anything,
those two won't ever have
any reason to doubt you.
But the longer you keep
this up, the harder
it's gonna be on you.
I was just wondering how
you were holding up.
[KURIHARA]
Yo, Goda. You going
home or what?
I'm gonna wait for Suna.
Alright then! Toodle-oo!
See ya.
You have nothing to
worry about Ms. Yamato.
Not even "sometimes."
Hey, Saijo.
How's it going?
(Gasp)
(Sigh)
Well, there it is again.
What?
Oh come on, you know what
that thing is, don't you?
It's just her way to
make sure everyone knows
you're her boyfriend.
Since she goes to a
different school and all.
Y'think so?
[TAKEO]
Hm... Maybe.
Well, she doesn't have
anything to worry about.
Hm.
[TAKEO]
Even though she still does.
I'm not popular with girls.
So I want to do whatever
I can to make her see that.
Ah...
(Sharp inhale)
Master... I... I like you.
Yeah!
As a person. A mentor.
And not like I said...
It's different.
I like you much
more than that!
I wish I could be
your girlfriend!
(Echoing) I like you
more than that!
I wish I could be
your girlfriend!
(Rinko giggling)
(Gasp)
I'm sorry, Saijo.
No... I already
know how things are.
I mean, you already
have a girlfriend...
It's not that.
Ah?
I love Ms. Yamato.
(Sigh)
Hm...
I'm the one who
should be sorry.
I'm sorry for lying to you.
And being so selfish.
You're not
being selfish!
And don't need
to apologize.
(Gasp and whimper)
Mm...
[MARIYA]
I wasn't lying, y'know...
When I said I like
you as a person.
[TAKEO]
Oh, yeah? Well I'm not
popular with girls,
so there's nothing
to worry about.
Takeo!
Huh?!
AHH!
(Mariya crying)
(Approaching footsteps)
You look like you
could use a few more.
Thank you.
Sunakawa, you're too smooth...
it's incredibly aggravating.
(Crying)
(Nose snorts)
[MARIYA]
It was really sad...
When I asked him to meet me...
the guy had no idea...
that I was confessing
my love for him.
And so I... I couldn't
even tell him.
I knew he already had
a girlfriend.
I mean, you've seen his
phone for god's sake!
(Crying)
I never even
stood a chance!
And calling him my
master and everything?
Ugh! How desperate
can you get?!
I just...
I just wanted to call him
"Takeo," is that so wrong?!
(Bawling)
I really liked him!
What's her
problem?
Girls can be
so weird, dude.
How much did
the tissues cost?
It's fine. It's not easy
having your heart broken.
♪Closing song starts♪
You've got bigger things to deal
with than a box of tissues.
Will I ever be able
to fall in love again?
I'm sure you will.
(Sniffle)
When?!
When the time's right.
That's not good enough!
This is so freakin' hard!
I want it to happen now!
I want it to happen right now!
(Takeo breathing quickly)
I know your type. You like girls
that'll actually talk to you.
[TAKEO]
Yeah.
That's how I was
for a long time...
That is, until I
met Ms. Yamato.
When I first met her, she was
in tears, but she smiled at me.
And still told me "thank you."
I love how she can't
handle hot food.
How she can move her arms
and legs so fast,
but still run really slow...
I love how she laughs
all the time...
I love her. She's so
freakin' cute that I
can't say it out loud.
I don't know when all this
started, exactly...
but back when I
thought Ms. Yamato
was in love with Suna...
For the first time in my life,
I felt a pain in my heart
I thought I couldn't bear.
(Panting)
♪Closing song ends♪
Hey, Takeo!
Did you come to see me?
That's so sweet!
I don't love her
just a little bit.
I love her big time!
Ms. Yamato, Saijo
told me she liked me
more than just as a person.
Huh?
I told her I was sorry,
and turned her down.
Not because we're dating.
And it's not simply because
you are my girlfriend.
There's no way I could
ever go out with any
other girl on Earth.
And not because
they don't like me.
It's because
I love you, Ms. Yamato.
You're the only one for me.
So everything is all right.
Don't worry anymore.
(Soft breath)
'Kay.
(Soft chuckle)
Let's go home.
Yeah.
(Ducks quacking)
Huh?
Ah! What's the matter?!
I'm... I'm just so happy.
(Takeo gasps)
[RINKO]
I knew.
(Sobbing)
I knew it all along.
But whenever I thought about
it and how much you mean to me
and how much you care
about me, I just...
(Whimper)
Hm!
I love you.
[TAKEO]
I love her for so many reasons.
And then, for no reason at all.
Either way, every time our eyes
meet, I fall in love again.
And I love you, too, Takeo.
With every beat, my heart
tells me how much I love her.
[TAKEO]
Whenever I told you that
I'm not popular with girls
and that you had
nothing to worry about,
I think that made you
worry even more.
Sorry about that.
[RINKO]
Oh. Maybe. But I'm fine now.
And I'm not worried.
And I don't really blame Saijo
for anything.
I mean, she and I were both
just willing to fight for
something that we wanted.
Anybody would do that.
And even if we can't be friends,
'cause I must admit that
would kinda weird now,
I... I do like her.
Yeah.
[TAKEO]
It wasn't until Saijo
told me show she felt,
that I finally realized
what my true feelings were.
[TAKEO]
Suna, you knew
the whole time?
Yeah, kinda.
What the?! It happened again!
Why is it that I'm so oblivious
to everything around me?!
Maybe because your head
is always in the clouds?
Hm?
But you know...
that's also one of your most
endearing qualities,
so don't go changing that.
I wish I could make
her feel better.
(Takeo sighs)
[TAKEO]
It must've been awful
confessing her love to
someone she couldn't have.
URGH!
[SUNA]
Poor guy feels bad
that he can't offer
the same feelings
back to her.
He wants to cheer her up,
but he can't.
(Groaning)
Takeo's in pain...
because he's... powerless.
There must be something I
can do for Saijo. Anything!
It's... not
really possible.
I know...
I still want us
to be friends...
But between a
guy and a girl,
things don't really
work like that, do they?
Good morning, Master!
Huuuh?
Ah, Saijo!
(Laughs)
I know calling you "Master"
is kinda weird and
everything, but by now
it's become sort of a habit.
Do you mind if I keep
calling you that for awhile?
Sure!
(Giggle)
See ya later!
Thank you, Saijo!
(Saijo stammers)
He told you "thank you,"
didn't he, Saijo?
He had a pretty hard time
sleeping last night.
It hurt him to think you
wouldn't be friends.
I think you just made
the guy very happy.
(Gasp)
(Gleeful laugh)
[TAKEO]
Thank you, Saijo.
Thank you for liking me.
And someday, when you
fall in love again,
I'll do whatever
I can to help you.
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Christmas.